hey everybody this dinner
Dericks Arkansas I'm about to load up
some lumber but I've got a pretty good
line in front of me so I'm taking the
time to prove the looks of the truck
while I have them the time and just
thought I'd throw out some advice to
some of the younger guys out there a lot
of guys asking me questions on Facebook
and YouTube so how about I just started
doing that I've got nothing else to do
right so anyway I want to show you
something I'm doing right now something
that really helps on the looks of your
truck and cruise down the road
I just got it washed and my terminal and
broke a bow and cruise down here to
Derrick's now I'm going to sit in line
so something to help improve it is uh a
little bit of tire shine on this is I've
already done these two tires and all the
tires on the other side but I haven't
done this one yet see a big difference
there is a huge difference
those look awesome that looks
dull as
so just want to show you what I do to
make that look good one thing is is that
you can buy this is what I'm using today
and I believe the instructions on here
just say spray and leave on it's a bad
idea you end up getting it on your
wheels it'll when you start rolling down
the road it'll start splashing
everywhere all the crap will just kind
of slide right off and it'll get all
around your wheels and will spray on
your trailer on your tanks whatever you
got on the truck it'll spray on your
hood everywhere to get all over them
will get all over the place
it'll look like look like looked
like a two-year-old put it on for you
but anyway you can buy this little
sponge here at a lot of the truck stops
I'm pretty sure you can get it all of
them they over where the air fresheners
and all the polish and all that is just
a sponge and you spray it wipe it on
your wheels just spray this I get my
pretty good and wet and put it on the
wheel so I'll do a little demonstration
alright so there's our sponge just spray
it like this probably don't need that
much but just wipe it on
get in these little grooves right here
all right starts looking really cool
looks good man
that's it